Related to Issue #342 - Tag key differentation when a supporting value can or cannot exist. (#349)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/tags.md

* The Tags column MUST contain user-defined and provider-defined tags.
* The Tags column MUST only contain finalized tags.
* The Tags column MUST be in [Key-Value Format](#key-valueformat).

> * A Tag key that supports a corresponding, non-null value tied to a resource SHOULD be included.

Reviewer: I'm mostly good with line 12. It gives freedom to the cloud provider to decide what tags to include. Here is a suggested rewording to make it more clear the tag should have a non-null value and what should be included:

> A Tag key-value pair where the value is non-null for a given resource SHOULD be included in the tags column.

This also may raise the question to the reader "What about tag keys that have null values?". We could add a line that maintains the freedom for cloud providers:

> A Tag key-value pair where the value is null for a given resource MAY be included in the tags column, depending on the provider's tag finalization process.

Author: I like both but just without `-value pair` because it is defined as a KeyValueFormat attribute already.

Does this edits work? @AWS-ZachErdman 

```
A Tag key where its value is non-null for a given resource SHOULD be included in the tags column.
A Tag key where its value is null for a given resource MAY be included in the tags column, depending on the provider's tag finalization process.
```

Reviewer: looks good to me!

> * A Tag key that supports a corresponding, non-null value tied to a resource SHOULD NOT be included.

Author: Correct. For example, if an account has 100 total tags created across 10 resources, the only tags that should be included with a resource's line item are the N tags associated with that resource - not all 100 tags.

> * A Tag key that supports a corresponding, non-null value tied to a resource SHOULD NOT be included.

Reviewer 2: I put this up for review at the member meeting today and folks did not vote for changing it. Let's open a separate issue if we want to still make this change - but for now, we're moving forward without to get this long-running PR checked in.

> * A Tag key that does *not* support a corresponding value, sometimes referred to as a *label*, MUST have a corresponding true (boolean) value set.

Reviewer: I'm good with line 13.

* The Tags column MUST contain user-defined and provider-defined tags.
* The Tags column MUST only contain finalized tags.
* The Tags column MUST be in [Key-Value Format](#key-valueformat).
* A Tag key with a non-null value for a given resource SHOULD be included in the tags column.

> * Depending on the provider's tag finalization process, a Tag key with a null value for a given resource MAY be included in the tags column.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A Tag key with a null value for a given resource MAY be included in the tags column depending on the provider's tag finalization process.
```

> * A Tag key that does *not* support a corresponding value, sometimes referred to as a *label*, MUST have a corresponding true (boolean) value set.

Reviewer 3: We need to update the supporting content to account for where we're landing with labels. Currently, we have 2 questions documented that feel outdated:
- What does it look like interpreting labels using Excel formulas only? Would users be required to dl a plugin, use vbscript, etc.
- Create a poll around calling the dimension “Tags” or “Labels”?

> * A Tag key that does *not* support a corresponding value, sometimes referred to as a *label*, MUST have a corresponding true (boolean) value set.

Reviewer 3: Can we make sure we have an ack from practitioners who use labels that this is desirable? Just want to confirm a Boolean value is what they want/expect.

Reviewer 3: We discussed in the call and had a small ack. If anyone is concerned, please leave a comment or create a new issue.

Reviewer 2: Michael said at the maintainer meeting he's good with the logic that this is following. Resolving.

## Provider-Defined vs. User-Defined Tags

> The following is an example of one user-defined tag, one provider-defined tag, respectively, with tag key, `foo`, and one tag key without a supported value.  The first tag is user-defined and not prefixed. The second tag is provider-defined and prefixed with `acme/`, which the provider has specified as a reserved tag key prefix. The third tag with tag key, `baz`, does not support a value, so `null` is assigned as its value.

Reviewer: > The third tag with tag key, `baz`, does not support a value, so `null` is assigned as its value.

If it does not *support* a value, does that mean it is label and should be "true"?

My semantics may be wrong, but to me, not *supporting* a value means "label", whereas not *having* a value means "null".

Reviewer: I'm happy with everything else, but interested in your thinking here

Author: Sorry, just a mix up from the previous definition.  Fixed now.

> The following is an example of one user-defined tag, one provider-defined tag, respectively, with tag key, `foo`, and one tag key without a supported value.  The first tag is user-defined and not prefixed. The second tag is provider-defined and prefixed with `acme/`, which the provider has specified as a reserved tag key prefix. The third tag with tag key, `baz`, does not support a value, so `true` (boolean) is assigned as its value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates three different tagging scenarios. The first two are illustrate when the provider supports both keys and values, while the third is for supporting keys only. The first tag is user-defined and doesn't have a provider prefix. The second tag is provider-defined and has a prefix of `acme/`, which is reserved by the provider. The third tag has a tag key of `baz` and its value is assigned the boolean value `true` since the tag doesn't support a value.
```

The first sentence was a bit hard to read for me. Trying a different way of writing this - accept only if it makes a significant improvement.

Reviewer: I'm happy with Udam's suggestion.

```json
    {
        "foo":"bar",

>         "acme/foo":"bar"

Reviewer: Shall we expand the example to include examples of:
1. labels
2. tags with null values being optionally included

Reviewer 4: +1, would like to see what labels and tags looks like on a single line item as well

Reviewer 2: Example for a label now available
